Sonia's Alfa SLT a 37 is a relatively
uninspiring update to the a 35 which is
the company's entry-level fixed mirror
camera it's not a bad camera in fact
it's one of the fastest models in its
price class and it's capable of
producing very nice photos up through
ISO 800 I'm mixed feelings about the 837
s design which is the same body as the a
35 it's relatively compact for its type
and overall the control layout and
interface deliver a pretty streamlined
shooting experience but the camera has
the dimmest EVF I've ever seen even with
the brightness boosted so despite having
a decent resolution it's not very
enjoyable to use and now this model has
a tilting LCD which the 835 lacked it's
pretty small and low resolution the
camera has the usual assemblage of sony
features new to this generation is the
auto portrait framing feature in
superior auto mode when you frame a
picture of a person in a landscape
orientation it will automatically create
a crop that more attractively positions
the person's in the photo and it'll save
both it and the original this is a
really clever and useful idea for
newbies however after cropping it Sony
feels compelled to blow - back up to 16
megapixels which if there's noise that
will accessor bait the noise and even at
low ISO s it will just mush up the
regular detail with interpolation if
you're planning on shooting video keep
in mind that you can only use the manual
exposure settings with manual focus if
you want to use autofocus you give up
the ability to set shutter speed or
aperture that said the video looks
pretty good and the photo quality's
exactly what I expected it's very good
at ISO 100 and 200 and usable up through
ISO 800 or ISO 1600 depending upon your
scene color and exposure consistent and
relatively accurate as well I'm a bit
disappointed with the new kit lens the
18 to 135 millimeter f-35 to 5/6 I
tested it because I think it's gonna be
a popular choice and because it has a
similar design to one of my favorite
Sony lenses the 16 to 50 f28
unfortunately it's not very sharp and it
can't focus as close as the 18 to 55
millimeter kit lens it is pretty well
designed for manual focus and in
conjunction with the peaking capability
in the camera it actually makes it
possible to manually focus despite the
problems I mentioned before with the LCD
and the viewfinder as for performance
the camera focuses and shoots very
quickly in both bright and dim
conditions and the processing overhead
doesn't bog down shot-to-shot
performance although the continuous
shooting is relatively fast for this
cohort I found the autofocus tracking
couldn't keep up the 837 is a solid
entry level DSLR class camera that will
serve anyone on a tight budget who's
looking for something to shoot active
kids and pets I'm Laurie grinning and
this is the sony alpha SLT